I'm Julia Moscone today we're making
simple mashed potatoes Yukon Gold and
russets have the best consistency for
making a good fluffy mash here we're
using a mix of both to start peel the
potatoes while you bring a large pot of
salted water to a boil over high heat
when the water is boiling add the
potatoes let them cook for about 15 to
20 minutes in the meantime melt the
butter and warm the milk that will be
added to the potatoes from mashing you
can do this in 1 saucepan now check on
the potatoes they're done cooking when
easily pierced do not under cook them
drain the potatoes and return them to
the pot this will help dry them out
begin to mash the potatoes this is a
basic masher if you like you can use a
ricer which gives a fluffier consistency
for whipped potatoes use a hand or stand
mixer as you mash pour in the butter and
milk mixture when you reach the
consistency you like taste and add the
salt and pepper if necessary mashed
potatoes can take a lot of salt so don't
hold back keep the potatoes hot until
ready to serve